# Overview

SendGrid has an Email Inbound Parse Webhook which posts data from a specified incoming email address to a URL of your choice. This library allows you to quickly and easily deployable solution that help you easily get up and running processing (parse and complete some action) your inbound parse webhooks.

This is docker-based solution which can be deployed on cloud services like Heroku out of the box.

# Table of Content
- [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
- [Deploy locally](#deploy_locally)
- [Deploy Heroku](#deploy_heroku)
- [Testing the Source Code](#testing_the_source_code)
- [Contributing](#contribution)

<a name="prerequisite"></a>
## Prerequisite
Clone the repository
```
git clone https://github.com/KoditkarVedant/sendgrid-inbound.git
```
Move into the clonned repository
```
cd sendgrid-inbound
```
Restore the Packages
```
dotnet restore
```

<a name="deploy_locally"></a>
## Deploy locally
Setup your MX records. Depending on your domain name host, you may need to wait up to 48 hours for the settings to propagate.

Run the Inbound Parse listener in your terminal:
```
git clone https://github.com/KoditkarVedant/sendgrid-inbound.git

cd sendgrid-inbound

dotnet restore

dotnet run --project .\Src\Inbound\Inbound.csproj
```
Above will start server listening on a random port like below

In another terminal, use ngrok to allow external access to your machine:
```
ngrok http PORT_NUMBER
```
Update your SendGrid Incoming Parse settings: Settings Page | Docs

 - For the HOSTNAME field, use the domain that you changed the MX records (e.g. inbound.yourdomain.com)
 - For the URL field, use the URL generated by ngrok + /inbound, e.g http://XXXXXXX.ngrok.io/inbound

Next, send an email to [anything]@inbound.yourdomain.com, then look at the terminal where you started the Inbound Parse listener.

<a name="deploy_heroku"></a>
## Deploy to Heroku

[Create](https://signup.heroku.com/) Heruko account if not already present

Install the Heroku CLI

Download and install the [Heroku CLI](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-command-line).

If you haven't already, log in to your Heroku account and follow the prompts to create a new SSH public key.
```
$ heroku login
```

Now you can sign into Container Registry.
```
$ heroku container:login
```

Create app in heroku
```
$ heroku apps:create UNIQUE_APP_NAME
```

Push your Docker-based app
Build the Dockerfile in the current directory and push the Docker image.
```
$ heroku container:push web --app UNIQUE_APP_NAME
```

Deploy the changes
Release the newly pushed images to deploy your app.
```
$ heroku container:release web --app UNIQUE_APP_NAME
```

<a name="testing_the_source_code"></a>
## Testing the Source Code
You can get all the test cases inside the `Tests` folder.

<a name="contribution"></a>
## Contribution
If you would like to contribute to this project, please see our [contributing guide](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-python/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). Thanks!
